README.md, before:

# Insurgency Server

This repository allows one to deploy an [Insurgency](https://store.steampowered.com/app/222880/Insurgency/) server to AWS.

## Local Machine Requirements

- AWS CLI
- Terraform
- jq

## Setup

1. Clone this repo
2. Install all dependencies (on Mac, use `$ brew install jq awscli terraform`)
3. Run `$ bin/bootstrap` and fill the variable as expected
4. Execute the additional steps asked
5. Push the repository to Github

## Deploying The AWS Cloud Resources

- `$ cd terraform`
- Set our environment variables: `$ source .env`
- Review the plan generated by: `$ terraform plan`
- If all looks good: `$ terraform apply`

## Building The Docker Image and Pushing It Remotely To ECR

- `$ cd docker`
- `$ docker build . -t insurgency-server`
- `$ aws ecr get-login-password --region <REGION> | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin <ACCOUNT ID>.dkr.ecr.<REGION>.amazonaws.com`
- `$ docker push <ACCOUNT ID>.dkr.ecr.<REGION>.amazonaws.com/insurgency_server-registry:latest`

## Tearing Down The AWS Cloud Resources

- `$ cd terraform`
- `$ terraform destroy`

## Running/stopping the server

> $ bin/server start

This command will start the server and output the IP address. It might take a
while (about 4 min).

> $ bin/server stop

Stops the server and you won't be charged on AWS.

Commit message:

doc: Document WIP remote code build

README.md, after:

# Insurgency Server

This repository allows one to deploy an [Insurgency](https://store.steampowered.com/app/222880/Insurgency/) server to AWS.

## Local Machine Requirements

- AWS CLI
- bash
- Terraform
- jq

## Setup

1. Clone this repo
2. Install all dependencies (on Mac, use `$ brew install jq awscli terraform`)
3. Run `$ bin/bootstrap` and fill the variable as expected
4. Execute the additional steps asked
5. Push the repository to Github

## Deploying The AWS Cloud Resources

- Set our environment variables: `$ source .env`
- `$ cd terraform`
- Review the plan generated by: `$ terraform plan`
- If all looks good: `$ terraform apply`

## Building The Docker Image

### Building The Docker Image Remotely Using AWS Code Build

- `$ ./bin/start-aws-codebuild.sh`

### Building The Docker Image Locally and Pushing It Remotely To ECR

- `$ cd docker`
- `$ docker build . -t insurgency-server`
- `$ aws ecr get-login-password --region <REGION> | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin <ACCOUNT ID>.dkr.ecr.<REGION>.amazonaws.com`
- `$ docker push <ACCOUNT ID>.dkr.ecr.<REGION>.amazonaws.com/insurgency_server-registry:latest`

## Tearing Down The AWS Cloud Resources

- `$ cd terraform`
- `$ terraform destroy`

## Running/stopping the server

> $ bin/server start

This command will start the server and output the IP address. It might take a
while (about 4 min).

> $ bin/server stop

Stops the server and you won't be charged on AWS.
